chore: release v0.8.0-rc.0 (#1835)
ava-labs/subnet-evm: RELEASES.md

# Release Notes

## [v0.8.1](https://github.com/ava-labs/subnet-evm/releases/tag/v0.8.0)

- Add pending releases here

## [v0.8.0](https://github.com/ava-labs/subnet-evm/releases/tag/v0.8.0)

> This version is compatible with the AvalancheGo Granite release. All nodes **MUST** update to a Granite compatible version prior to the upgrade activation time: November 19th, 2025 16:00 UTC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version is compatible with the Avalanche Granite upgrade. All mainnet nodes **MUST** update to a Granite compatible version prior to the upgrade activation time: November 19th, 2025 16:00 UTC.
```
